# !/bin/bash
tsp -S 16
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE ampc 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE comt 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE inha 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE fgfr1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE fabp4 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE sahh 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE kith 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE pur2 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE pygm 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE glcm 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE cxcr4 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE pnph 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE aofb 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE hxk4 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE fpps 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE pyrd 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE hs90a 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE fak1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE wee1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE ada 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE pa2ga 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE def 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE mapk2 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE hivint 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE rock1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE xiap 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE nram 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE jak2 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE mk10 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE thb 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE plk1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE rxra 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE tysy 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE cp2c9 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE kif11 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE akt2 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE ptn1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE pgh1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE tgfr1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE fkb1a 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE mp2k1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE tryb1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE lkha4 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE gria2 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE ital 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE kpcb 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE hdac2 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE braf 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE urok 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE igf1r 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE hmdh 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE met 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE kit 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE csf1r 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE abl1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE casp3 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE ppard 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE reni 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE cp3a4 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE andr 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE prgr 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE dyr 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE hivrt 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE akt1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE adrb2 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE dhi1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE adrb1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE pgh2 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE ppara 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE esr1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE cdk2 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE vgfr2 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE pde5a 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE pparg 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE fa10 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE aces 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE lck 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE try1 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE thrb 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE drd3 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE dpp4 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE mk14 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE src 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE mmp13 
tsp python singleTargetProcess.py DUDE fnta 
